Replace `xarray.core.ops` which is not part of the public xarray API (#322)
primap-community/primap2: changelog/322.fix.md

> Replace xr.core.ops.fillna with fillna from public PI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaced xr.core.ops.fillna with fillna from public xarray API for compatibility with upcoming xarray releases.
```
